Hello everyone in today's video we
let's talk about five forgotten tanks
worthy of much more attention
among the players let's see through
what reasons do these machines not use
popular
I present to you the first issue of the top 5
the detachments were led by the company immediately I would like
note that the choice benefit of one or another
Top participants make you viewers
and we are just based on the vote
summarize how to influence
on the choice of the next topic you will learn
at the end of the video, what are the top 5
undeservedly forgotten tanks drove
and the fifth place is German heavy
tank level 8 vk 4502 and in fact
friends be my will I would definitely
gave him first place in this top by
my subjective opinion alpha slippers
one of the most misunderstood Fri-8
judge for yourself great for heavy
tank dynamics gun combines well
in itself the accuracy of penetration and
rate of fire armor with armor
alpha sneaker have difficulties but
far from all theta 8 can her
brag so why are they vk 4502
have as many fans as
let's say of 3 and t32 tank problem at all
not that he is worse than the competition
rather the opposite is introduced than our top he
would not have got the case in that branch
part of which is research
an alpha sneaker leads to a mouse that
current realities world of tanks
just can't compete
another ten
fourth place and here we have M4 Sherman
never one of the most naguchu of their tanks
Level 5: what happened to the patch?
090 it happened translation hd model like
would be cool but in this barrel of honey is not
did without the fly in the ointment adding sherman
polygons developers a few
clipped his armor and all but nothing
fugasite for which this tank was so
We adore the players with the cumulative nerf
lost its former greatness and how
the result sherman became ordinary
middle level fifth and love
the players to him died away
but there are still hardcore lovers
play on land mines
and Sherman still gives them beautiful
moments and fantastic vanchots
and we got to the top three
of our top
bronze gets soviet st seventh
level t-43 I have a feeling that
this tank was never perceived
never seriously riveted on him
gaming community attention
t-43 has always been and will be middling
honest hard worker who just
doing his job and for that he
have all the necessary tools inherited
inherited from the t-34 85 dynamics
inherited from t-34 85 and
armor that has become much better
than the same
t-34 85 so why does t-43 remain
dark horse
the thing is that often examining
40 top three players are trying to quickly
slip and and get to the desired
t-44
for a decent combination for your level
Specifications not cool
player relations t-43 takes
deserved third place in our top
on the second line of the top Ferdinand Fri-Sau
being a classic among such cars
like
Ferdinand everything is fine except the dynamics
it was the cause of his espada
popularity or rather not even her
the absence of Ferdinand and her presence at
Jagdpanthers 2 which is
alternative fri-sau on the eighth level
the fact is that the game unfortunately passed
that time when something decided the armor and
the player’s choice is likely to fall on the cardboard
on dynamic yagu 2 than on armored
but to eerily navel Ferdinand but
philosophizing about diminishing significance
armor we are in some other top a
so far we have come close to
gold
first place in the top 5 undeservedly
forgotten tanks rightfully goes
American t71
favorite of many including mine but how
so it happened that the players were not
so true to him
71 simply eclipsed the M41 Bulldog
also played the factor of the presence of a high-explosive
t49 what made there to more interesting
than t69 and as a result more and more
the number of players prefers to rock
hevik through
alternative branch if now 71 is not
such a rare guest brands this
just because not much has passed
time since the bulldog appeared and
t49
but it is necessary to recognize that the future is more likely
for sure many will want them
find out why i haven't said a word from
e52 apt-5 and the Chinese yes because these
tanks, though were removed from the game
but certainly not forgotten I remind you that as
theme of the stamp and its participants choose
exactly you
and we are only summing up to take part
will choose the next topic you can now
in a group here's a funk contact if you
liked to put the video
Like and subscribe to the channel and here's a fan
& red eagle company from with you was good
until